which take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran up without me oh
foreign thank you for coming in tonight you are in for such a treat
um I want to start us off by saying we're going to talk tonight
to the issue of the coming of Cersei that's
right I have brought to you tonight Cersei herself
um right into the man Pig Pen this is wonderful and she will keep
she will keep the flow going I've given her full
permission to follow both the way of Sodom to employ
the alabastran where it need be those of you with ears to hear know what
I'm talking about um this is great I'll introduce that in a second um
uh but before we get started um let's
be brainwashed for a second
real
[Music]
um thanks for coming tonight this is going to be outstanding and we've got to pack everything into our 30 in the
minute attention span and so here we go um I want to first introduce you to
Cersei who will be joining us now on the chat and she is there specifically to
inspire the men pigs she is there with her Juan she will drug you
she will put you under she will beat you you are a beast and sometimes she will
walk among your ranks and she will pick one of you out
people will descend on you and you will be made into a meal it's
fantastic it's very bockock yes um so welcome tonight Cersei and um
please let the fun commence tonight
I've had a lot of people asking me about magic who want to learn the magic
and in order for us to get there with the Bible studies we follow Jesus right
at the crack opening of his of his ministry
right right when his magic skyrockets we follow him tonight and on the way there
we will stop and I just want for us to jump out of the time machine for a minute it's just
right around the corner it's not that far away I'm talking 17th century early
17th century witch hunting which hunting remember when we talk
about which we're talking about people killing other people okay so this is this is good Real
History here we're not talking dress up here I don't want anybody with black lipstick
okay there's no reason for that unless the fashion dictates
anyway we'll stop off there um uh just briefly so that's what I want
to do let's jump right into the text and um we're talking about the devil's Pact
the devil's packed so um
let us commence guazo come over here yeah get Frank get
over here this is oh pulling it right out guanzo tell us
what's going on well the men of old Associated witches
with marvelous Deeds Sir John of Salisbury says that when God permits
witches can with the help of demons shake the elements together and alter
the true appearance of things this is quantum magic this is not fairy
tale magic this is quantum Magic they can foretell much of the future
can anybody smell where we're going this is fantastic they confused the Mind
of Men with dreams oh and by the way these witches aren't
all female as he's about to say these are men that we might call a mage
yeah okay yes and merely by the potency of their
charms drugs can cause death Etc
saxo grammaticus isn't that a nice name saxophrenic saxo
yeah saxgram as we call them writes the Giants and sorcery in the
north practiced unheard of Wonders with various illusions
yeah what kind of Illusions and could so skillfully deceive men's eyes that they
hid their own features and those of others on various phantasms you have
just stepped into Pythagoras okay this is not medieval Magic
this is ancient Magic yeah ancient
quantum physics the manipulation of thought
the visibility the rearrangement
in order to create okay
here's where we are we're Landing here okay can you can we just tell us a couple more things here yeah and um they
obscure the the true shape of things yeah they did other marvels of those which we have already told of Simon
Marcus thanks thanks okay yeah I get it I see where we're going Pythagoras made
his thigh appear to be golden why would he do that
and by his spells tamed an eagle with which he often conversed oh yes of
course right he's one of those that talks with the eagle fantastic
yeah okay so here's what I would like you to do
um Mr witch hunter could you please tell me
what is this thing that we call The Pact with the
Devil what what where is it it's because I think it's
with Jesus I think so tell us
the packs formed between a witch and the devil may be either expressed or tacit
the expressed pact and by the way for those of you who are in a legal language Department
watch keep an eye on this the expressed pact consists of a solemn
vow of fidelity and homage made Fidelity and homage
yes proskinesis bending the knee
yeah okay in the presence of witness
and what we we have witnesses right
it's to the devil visibly present in some bodily form
that is an expressed Pact yes
expressed now the tacit Pact for those of you who choose that path
involves the offering of a written petition to the devil and may be done by proxy
proxy what is a proxy yeah someone endowed with that Authority
okay through whom that deal can be made through a witch male or female
or some third person when the Contracting party is afraid to see or to
have speech with the devil are you afraid to talk to the devil how many of you have talked to the devil I sent you
to the devil right okay Brian calls this a tacit Pact
yet although it is made with another person than the devil it is expressly made in the devil's name
important contractual as is clear from the examples he gives
perhaps we should class as an Express pact that rather rare insistence of a
German woman who jumping backwards out of the out of her tub said that example
of a German woman who jumped out of her bathtub and said quote as far
as I thus sleep away from Christ so near may I come to the devil
but there are certain matters common to all their packs with the Devil and these
may be arranged under 11 heads that's a lot of legal lingo
it makes you wonder but this
is what stands between you and the performance of The Magic
a pact tacit
we tacitly make a pact in this Temple where we are awaiting the
return of Lady Babylon we make a pact
first they deny the Christian faith
looks like many of us are there withdraw their allegiance from God
anybody out there withdrew Your Allegiance they've repudiate the
protection of the Blessed Virgin Mary keeping the vilest insults upon her and
calling her harlot and the devil arrogates honor to himself
as Augustine notes boom there's your Source you smell that whiff
Augustine always look at who the sources are when
you're casing this crime scene and you're working in the direction of
showing someone of bringing someone so that they can see
that their religion and their morality are built upon a pedophile
a child raping pedophile
yeah who are the sources here it's Augustine that's who he's
digging up so if we want to put ourselves into his Lane you can see it as it builds in
history [Music]
therefore Saint hippolytus the Martyr writes that the devil compels them to
say quote I deny the creator of Heaven and Earth isn't that fascinating
there is Uranus and Gaia once again
can you swim those channels in that cave no you're gonna follow Some solid rope
through that dark cave to the other side yeah or you're gonna die
yeah so follow the Rope reason right gets us there
I deny the creator of Heaven and Earth I deny my baptism I deny the worship I
formally paid to God I cleave to thee and in thee I believe
how many of you have done that
from my conversations with you
um many of you are beyond that already
you've already made a pact with the Devil you didn't realize it
yeah nice nice second
he bathed them in a new mock baptism
do you remember where the launch pad is the launch pad in the son of God's
Ministry is the baptism of John
John V and if you'll notice
he cracked open Uranus
yeah the Greek is very explicit it's ripped apart
through which this Spirit comes
and compels him into thee
solitary confinement where he is
approached by the master himself
yeah the ruler who sits upon the throne the
bringer of dawn with let those of you with ears to hear
hear yes we sit upon the throne because of The Mark
of Cain yeah yeah
third they forswear their old name and are given a new one
then example is given fourth he makes them deny their Godfathers and godmothers
both of baptism and Confirmation
and assigns them fresh ones we all get new names isn't that nice
fifth they give the devil some piece of their clothing
for the Devil is an eager is eager to make them his own in every particular
of their spiritual Goods he takes their faith and baptism
right you had that stripped at the door when you came in here you know you know
yeah
of their bodily Goods he claims just their blood
as in the sacrifices to Baal if you're going to perform the magic
if you're going to crack open Uranus and enter this place
yeah you got to be a son of God
so
the pigment how are the Pigmen doing the one thing the Pigmen learn
is they learn the respect of the queen all right this is a place for lady
Babylon yeah a holy place
so the Amazonian that now runs the room I hope everything's going well to you
Cersei hope everything's going well please give people a chance
right give people a chance before you know maybe around with the alabastran
you know what I mean then you know when they go over line there have at it feast
Feast those who don't respect the queen that's what um that's what happens you end up
getting eaten which must be a marvelous thing to do publicly
publicly can you imagine eating not running down somebody and
and turning them into some sort of kebab
yeah yeah it's uh yeah um third uh uh fourth he makes them deny
their Godfathers yes fifth give the devil some piece of clothing in the baptism six they swear allegiance to the
Devil Within a circle yeah they swear Legions to the Devil
Within a circle yes hail Satan right hail Satan
hail Satan yes look your contract
it's not me I'm just the proxy right authorized to bring this to you
by saying Isidore at Corp [Laughter]
um seventh they pray the devil to strike them out of The Book of Life
and to inscribe them in the book of death you didn't realize there was a
difference did you yeah no because this is not something they play up when we talk about the book
of life and there are a few of you out there who will know what the book of
life is yes yes isn't it wonderful training that you
received a bunch of lovely apostates I love it
I love it um it's a it's quite a thing oh we also
need to talk about I feel I can be a little less formal
during the Bible studies and we also need to talk about Victoria's Secret
and Heracles we have a candidates who stepped up and
Proclaim himself a son of Heracles
yeah um Heracles must show up
in Victoria's Secret comfortably dressed in Victoria's Secret
foreign wears the nightgown
of the queen and this thing is this thing is not
cheap yeah um I would love for matteus to design
and produce this nightgown for Hercules I would love that
I would love that then he's welcome to
sit in our Arena and hold
for truth that he's a child of Heracles
yes yeah white wigs
white wigs when you can sit
and you can chat comfortably
in Victoria's Secret and a blonde wig
you are worthy of the Apocalypse you are worthy
of Jesus because that's how he shows up
yeah it's in the apocalypse check it out check it out he's wearing lingerie
they call him Morningstar yeah and all of a sudden did somebody I
felt something in Brazil did we we better get back in the timeship because I'm starting to I'm you know there's
only I only like to go to certain you know times do I feel comfortable and I
think we're starting to we're starting to drift um let's go ninth they must every year
make some gift to the demons their masters to avoid being beaten by them
yeah I didn't we haven't talked about this one but the um entire uh shaving of the head
and people have been asking why are they showing me the head um entering that phase of mourning
yeah um we are celebrating at this one time of year during what they call the lift
gong the lift's gone yeah the Korra
stands as the licht's gong yeah this mystery is gorgeous isn't it
it's it's gorgeousness and gorgeousity all wrapped up
they must make a gift some gift once a year to appease their demon
or what happens yeah it's not good
right yeah yeah I'll let some of you read that who
wants it but let's go on the tenth he places his Mark upon some part of their bodies
his Mark upon some part of your body yeah why does he do that
well guazo
um where does he put the mark wait a minute sometimes it's numb yeah and you can't feel through it
and sometimes it's in certain places it you know it's
a little on men
yes it's generally found you know here and there yeah okay whereas in women
it is found on the breast or private parts
as has been observed by and then he gives the names of the
gentleman usually from an order that
will go into a community and pick up certain people that are suspected of
certain things using certain substances magic it's the
sorcerers you know what I mean those those people are dangerous yeah
um it's been observed by these investigators who by the way you read through the list of these investigators
and it's it's sad because they're all involved in like major slaughterings of
people this one guy was like 900 the whole group of women and children
the last time I'd seen women and children destroyed in groups like that was when King David did it
yeah I was I yeah Slaughter why did he Slaughter women and children in both
cases they did it for the same reason
to please the Lord yeah to please the Lord
look at the one you serve look at them if you're not sure yet if you
haven't broken through it a reality look at your God look at him
yeah look at the people and why they serve that God
oh sacrifice there's usually the ones doing
the very thing that they're broadcasting right
yes they're usually the one committing the children to slaughter with the signs
that say save the children it's the same group
yes we walk among humans to observe these things we're the Watchers
right the sons of God yeah
it's got to be Victoria's Secret if you can show up in that
kit with your hair done well and you know
I'm talking about you
yeah that's the phase that you must enter or you're not legitimate it's not the
Son of God that we're talking about yeah 10th and then um 11th
when they have been this is just so when they show up they can they can know that you've been completely informed I'm just
doing what a good attorney does eleventh when they have been so marked
they make many vows as never to adore the Eucharist that they will both in
word indeed he continual insults and revilings upon the Blessed Virgin Mary
the 11th okay hmm
that they will trample upon and defile and break all the relics and images of
the Saints and of everything associated with the kingdom of the pedophile
that is our blasphemy we bring them the truth
we bring them the reality we show them
show them the blood that you drink guess where that comes from
the money that you take to the Charities do you know where those goes to they go
to Men Who molest children
yes they do and that is what you prop up
look look at the lies that you support
I'm speaking to allow lady Babylon to feel comfortable
and remember the templum is a trap it's a place to open up
avoid in which a Divinity is absorbed
yeah okay well so I think your time is done because yes look I'm going over I'm
going over so we have to we we have to mow Zion what I'd like to do is now pull
up for you I'd like to pull up a couple of Greek texts for you
and I'm going to bring the first one up Julie
yes yes yes yes yes yes um and and right away the spirit
um um compel him um ejected him
what is going on we're with Jesus right after he meets with John and all John's
boys out in the baptizing wilderness that's where we are
and he sees that spirit and that Spirit compels him into the eremon
into that place of Solitude
yeah yeah where he's tempted go ahead give me the
next one where he's tempted by the devil yeah and he was there in this eremon
for what 40 days what's he doing he's being
pounded by satana he's being pounded by Satan why because
he's in Satan's realm now Son of God you think you're the son of God
show me show me it's your time to step out
do you think you're there do you see the mystery do you see the mystery that's why Jesus
shows up in the apocalypse with his [__] on excuse me YouTube with his gear on
his ladyware all right he's already he's got his wig
on his hair that white Woolen hair there's a reason all of the vocabulary
is connected yeah look at the context here now we're back in first century okay here we are
oh I don't see anything I see Greek I see Greek all over the place here where are we running to we're uh next next
passage next passage give it give me going oh go go go go
um this uh um I want to bring this to you um from Paul
because you're going to be asking what what's all the baptism we're talking about magic what the what the who bring
it back up oh my goodness right right um we are
um buried with him through the baptism into death
we are baptized into death you didn't know that did you did you you you
Baptists in the room your Baptists in the room you evangelicals yeah you just know that
that baptism into death is an ancient mystery now you didn't
you're part of a fairy tale yeah yeah the original is so much more interesting
it is seriously seriously okay we were in the we were in the aramon with Jesus
after he's with remember John's got these glasses that they use that are called the glass phallus
yeah with the boys right this is Hercules we're there oh
did I tell you that Hercules is always always always associated with a young boy lover just
like Jehovah is
by Joe if you say yeah maybe that's why I kicked out his
wife maybe maybe that's why Jehovah kicked out his wife
it could be cause trouble
just put the pieces together you know what I mean just show you know it's not your honor this is not like you know I I
don't have to be smart to see that Jesus's
a perv and a garden that for I know I'm telling them
I'm telling them let's keep going with the text this is intense I love this uh thank you I hope
you're all being spanked into conformity in that chat yes chat away
Channel where um next Greek test oh oh back to the
baptism and to death I forgot guys look look why is he doing this yeah yeah
um just as
the Christos was raised
necrron from that place where all the shades are from the dead
from that place it's analog remember the analog here please don't get lost
yes brilliant yeah and um through the doxa of his father what
happens to the doxa to the doxa right he is bringing us to a place
to walk in this new life
you are hearing the mystery you're hearing it again we are in a
death and Resurrection code yes
perhaps like the death and Resurrection Cults that involve the use of drugs and the use of witches
who have to give these drugs to induce the death that guazo is telling us they
can induce wonderful where is your Mark of Cain
yeah this is fantastic I love this okay let's keep going back to the text back to the text we're with Jesus right we're
so Jesus uh go to the next one please fantastic
um then uh Jesus was compelled he was led in that first line that on egg thing
is from onago and you have onago should we bring up onogo yeah look at this
people look at this if it's if you can see it real close real close here yeah to lead up from a lower place right
as opposed to cartago cartago is to push down upon right this one's to lead up
wait a minute do I smell Resurrection do I smell Resurrection look at number four
bringing up especially from the dead a spouse into the light
it's the transition it's quantum physics from the ancient mind
those of us who bought what the Sybil said about analog we're able to follow
those of you who don't have ears to hear blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
yeah okay let's go back to the back to the Greek let's hurry up because the devil's
supposed to show up right we're performing magic aren't we signing um don't we have signatures here I have
so many signatures to collect tonight yes so he's there for 40 days and 40 uh
nights and um the one who's who's doing the trial comes and he says to him if
you are you know here it is you know we're at Monty Python's Bridge right
if you are the Son of God um it's time to prove it this is formulaic this is formulaic it's no
different than what you're going to see with Heracles
get your Victoria's Secret get your Victoria's Secret on
right Heracles needs to stand up are you the son of God
let's see what happens if you're a Son of God what speak you
wanted the magic Here Comes speak so that these rocks become bread
the trans take it down the transmutation
the realigning The Binding that brings
matter transfer is based in frame in mind
wow that that straight up Pythagorean crazy talk
right totally okay anyway back to our text
um and then give me the next one and then the devil
um took a hold of him grabbed him by the collar and sent him to the to the um Holy City
and put him on the spire yeah put them on the top put them in the
wings this is what it says depending on the construction be a different part of the
building anyway put him up there Boop transport look what he did transport
yeah transport cross time and space that's gorgeous love it
and anyway he uh said to him if you're the Son of
God here's number two that was strike one if you're the Son of God by the way for
those of you who realized that we're just reading the Bible right now you'll realize that Satan is indeed in control
Isn't it nice Jesus get gets yanked around question and yanked around
is he worthy of the throne is he a son of God this is what happens when you mingle
with the daughters of men yes it's gorgeous yeah it um yeah go ahead
um if you are the son of God throw yourself down now and then the devil goes on the quote
and he's just using a quote that he would be familiar with because if you are the son of God
then this will happen you won't be able to kill yourself
you won't give it a shot yeah and Jesus backs again he doesn't
take it strike two right do you see the magic
yeah follow the follow the line through the cave
and then the devil took him to a high mountain and he showed to him
what did he show to him it's on the next one no next one uh yep that's yep we're good
uh look on line number three what did he show him he showed him
and if you have noted in Greek
a bossy Leia can be a King Dome but it's the same word for
Queen it's funny yes we don't say Kingdom in Antiquity we don't say King Dome
we say queendom now
please I just want I want to send a message
cross time and space into the mind into the mind of Mary beard
I want her to be wherever she is just maybe she's sleeping probably sleeping right now I want her to wake up
I want you to wake up Mary and I want you to have been here with us and I want you to have seen
the the very power in antiquity has a female root that women were not
staying indoors uh
it's called the queendom not a kingdom for a reason
logically because we have Queens oh well that explains all the ancient Queens
yeah so much for the staying indoors
we can't tolerate garbage here in this Temple
we can't
I would like to give you a little video and then I'm
just going to finish up and I just want you to see this little video because it highlights
the magic and analog for you
for those of you with ears to hear you will take that then and you will be
able to form the Pact
and to sit on the throne yeah to Bear the mark
video when the lights are low and the hurricane in my head subsides
[Music]
for a while foreign starts all over again
I stand in a hole a whole sky and I get a little taste no
good Journeys and long before goodbyes I said
long before goodbyes I said [Music]
and I can see [Music]
[Applause] [Music] I can't see
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
and it's a Madness way past
it won't be long till tomorrow
is in the past [Music]
that's what you need I'm going to start a Saturday
class on necromancy it will be half
an hour of hardcore
intensive Greek and half an hour
of Greek necromantic texts
yeah yeah and if anybody is interested
they're welcome to come they're welcome to come
and I want you people who have already expressed interest in coming I know
those of you who will be coming I want you to
um bring your book along with you if you don't have it this week you can have it next but this is the second edition of
the Hanson and Quinn intensive Greek that they taught us at
Berkeley when I did the Intensive Greek session there um half of our class will be working out
we'll be working out the other half will be um
shooting the vapors of necromancy and I want to put a warning on the class
that will be on Discord and I want to put a warning that
I'm going to require that you have a strong stomach that this will all be unfiltered
and that we will I will take you some places that yeah that will give you a
give you the images that you need by the way Jesus is a necromancer right did I forget to put
that detail in there yeah he's a necromancer and if you line up the language the Greek side by side with the
text he's a um he's one of why they showed up like
paid for his education and he with all right because he's a necromancer that's
how they work it right the Magi love it you see the phoniness that you
have inherited you think of the Magi and you every one of you know has been by
the church when they have their little plays their little plays and clay and
the statues and they bring them out some of those statues are sacred to those people right they have the Three Wise
Guys yeah they have them there and um yeah and the gold right
right it's fantastic necromancy not just for the brave anymore
yeah good stuff good stuff that's why they call them sybilis we need to see that world if we're going to solve the
the question of what Jesus was doing what Jesus was doing
um you can watch by the accusations of his working with belzabul
um that he is working from Baal and that he is doing his
necromantic Magic um
for the orphic resurrection delightment of his audience
if he could have only gotten that antidote when he was
in the grips of the crucifixion he wouldn't
have died so quick he would have died eventually but it would have died so quick
they are it's that dips ass AF stuff it's tough stuff okay let's um
let's break it's been an honor I want to thank um Zane Campbell for such beautiful
music I haven't mentioned his name enough but all the music is being very graciously donated by the master himself
so um thank you for coming tonight thank you for your time at 10 A.M
Saturday Mountain Time
noon East Coast 10 uh nine o'clock uh Pacific I will have my class please come
you need to get the text eventually um and this will be via Discord
yes we will turn Discord into a proper place of learning the museum we will
bring our dark arts there this is our catacombs isn't this exciting it's fun
to be part of a cult isn't it yes fantastic thank you very much for
for your time tonight uh hail Satan [Music] [Applause]
[Music] where is that Golden Palace where is
that horse called Destiny I think she ran off without me
[Music]